Add upload to ftp and json to jms guides (#356)
wso2/ballerina-integrator: docs/content/src/learn/guides/services/converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp/README.md

# Convert JSON to XML and upload to FTP

## About 

> Ballerina is an open-source programming language that supports developers to integrate their system easily with the support of connectors. In this guide, we are mainly focusing on connecting to a file server with the FTP connector. You can find other integrations modules from the [wso2-ballerina](https://github.com/wso2-ballerina) Github repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina is an open-source programming language that empowers developers to integrate their system easily with the support of connectors. In this guide, we are mainly focusing on connecting to a file server with the FTP connector. You can find other integrations modules from the [wso2-ballerina](https://github.com/wso2-ballerina) GitHub repository.
```

> The FTP connector support as listener where listen to given remote location and trigger when file added or deleted. Also, it supports to connect to a file server as the client and perform various operations such as get, put, delete, etc. The FTP connector can be used to connect to your remote file server with FTP, SFTP, FTPS protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FTP connector offers support as a listener, where it listens to the given remote location and is triggered when a file is added or deleted. Also, it supports connecting to a file server as the client and performing various operations such as get, put, delete, etc. The FTP connector can be used to connect to your remote file server with FTP, SFTP, FTPS protocols.
```

## What you'll build

> The Ballerina has first-class support for HTTP and implementing an HTTP service is straightforward. The caller will send JSON payload that consists of employees data. The HTTP service read the JSON payload and transform to XML. Then with the support of FTP connector, the XML employees data upload to the FTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Ballerina has first-class support for HTTP and implementing an HTTP service is straightforward. The caller will send a JSON payload that consists of employees data. The HTTP service reads the JSON payload and transforms it to XML. Then with the support of FTP connector, the XML employee's data gets uploaded to the FTP server.
```

## Prerequisites

> Link to download ballerina integrator.

Reviewer: Can we add some more prerequisites similar to the other guide? Things like Java, IDE, FTP server, etc.

Author: done.

## Implementation

> The ballerina project should create for the integration use case explained above. Please follow the steps given below. You can learn about the ballerina project and module in this link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina project is created for the integration use case explained above. Please follow the steps given below. You can learn about the Ballerina project and module in this link.
```

Need to add the link.

> 1. Create a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a project.
```

```bash
$ ballerina new converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp
```

> Change directory to the converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change directory to converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp.
```

> 2. Add a module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a module.
```

```bash
$ ballerina add uploadtoftp
```

The project structure should look like below.
```shell
converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp
├── Ballerina.toml
└── src
    └── uploadtoftp
        ├── main.bal
        ├── Module.md
        ├── resources
        └── tests
            └── resources
```

> 3. Write the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Write the integration.
```

> You can open the project with VSCode. The integration implemention going to write in the `main.bal` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open the project with VS Code. The integration implementation will be written in the `main.bal` file. 
```

<!-- INCLUDE_CODE: src/uploadtoftp/main.bal -->

> The `ftpConfig` created providing file server credentials. Here it reads from the config file. You have to create a file called `ballerina.conf` under the root path of the project structure. The file should have the following configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ftpConfig` created provides the file server credentials. Here it reads from the config file. You have to create a file called `ballerina.conf` under the root path of the project structure. The file should have the following configurations.
```

```
[ftp]
  host="<file_server_url>"
  port=<file_server_port>
  username="<file_server_username>"
  password="<file_server_password>"
```

> The username and password are sensitive data. Usually, we don't expose those data to the outside. The ballerina supports encrypting sensitive data and uses them in the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The username and password are sensitive data. Usually, we do not expose this data to the outside. Ballerina supports encrypting sensitive data and uses them in the program.
```

```shell
$ ballerina encrypt
```

> The execution of the encrypt action will ask for value and secret key. Once you provide input, it'll output the encrypted value that can directly use in the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you execute the encrypt action, it will ask for the value and secret key. Once you input this, it will provide the encrypted value that can directly use in the config file.
```

```shell
Enter value: 

Enter secret: 

Re-enter secret to verify: 

Add the following to the configuration file:
<key>="@encrypted:{aoIlSvOPeBEZ0COma+Wz2uWznlNn1IWz4StiWQCO6g4=}"

Or provide it as a command line argument:
--<key>=@encrypted:{aoIlSvOPeBEZ0COma+Wz2uWznlNn1IWz4StiWQCO6g4=}
```

> Use encrypted value in the `ballerina.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the encrypted value in the `ballerina.conf` file.
```

```
[ftp]
  host="<file_server_url>"
  port=<file_server_port>
  username="<file_server_username>"
  password="@encrypted:{3SCS/ET4uaJKVZwh+/If3rvU9ImbZSCmrruroMF5Sig=}"
```

> After that `ftp:Client` created with `ftpConfig`. The HTTP listener service will run on 8080 port when you start running the program. When request receives to the HTTP service, get the JSON payload and transformed to XML. Since ballerina language is type-safe language, we have to check transformed result returns XML or error. If XML returned, then we are writing the XML to the remote FTP location specified in the top with the FTP client. The return result of the `ftp:put` operation was successful, then respond to the call building JSON payload using `http:Response.` If there is any error return from the above actions, then relevant error message builds with the error reason and respond to the caller. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that `ftp:Client` is created with `ftpConfig`. The HTTP listener service will run on 8080 port when you start running the program. When the request is received by the HTTP service, it gets the JSON payload and transforms it to XML. Since Ballerina language is a type-safe language, we have to check if the transformed result returns XML or error. If XML is returned, then we write the XML to the remote FTP location specified in the top with the FTP client. If the return result of the `ftp:put` operation was successful, respond to the call by building JSON payload using `http:Response`. If any error is returned from the above actions, the relevant error message builds with the error reason and responds to the caller. 
```

## Run the integration
First, let’s build the module. While being in the converting-json-to-xml-and-upload-to-ftp directory, execute the following command.

```bash
$ ballerina build uploadtoftp
```

> The build command would create an executable jar file. Now run the jar file created in the above step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build command would create an executable .jar file. Now run the .jar file created in the above step.
```

Please implement this change in other guides as well.
